[GROUP PRESIDENT 07A]
Like bubbles boiling up to
the surface, new "These Worlds"
are being born every day!
We have corroboration
via the observation
of multiple instances
of This Worlds!
Scholars have long predicted
the emergence of the "observer."
The one who has spawned
these new worlds!
At last, this observer
has been found!
And we now know that the
drifting we've experienced
was caused by this
"Nagara" person.
[VICTIM 07A]
That's the guy?!
Because of him, our futures have
been stolen and we were thrust
into the cruel absurdity
of "This World!"
[VICTIM 07B]
Where the hell is he?!
[VICTIM 07C] Let's him
crucify him, and burn alive!
He is guilty of a serious crime.
And now, in accordance with
our rules, we will condemn him
to the fullest extent!
The tragedy that is to come
must be prevented!
[KOUMORI] I can't wait to see
what sort of judgment they pass.
[GROUP PRESIDENT 07A] We will
dispatch Koumori the Convictor,
from Beatnik.
No doubt, we can trust him to
hand down the proper sentence.
[AKI]
Problem?
[ASAKAZE]
Just go on without me, please.
[AKI]
Why? Forget something?
No, it's just that...
...I gotta tie up loose ends.
I see.
So what are we gonna do now?
Stick with Hoshi, or what?
Nothing we can do.
We've got nowhere to go now.
We're so done.
And now graduation is over.
Gotta make our own choices
from here on out.
[MIZUHO]
Wow.
That thing can really go to
another "This World?"
I hope you don't
want to go aboard,
'cause you were
specifically not invited.
Well, isn't that a real shame.
[MACHI]
Hmm.
[MIZUHO] So, tell me‐‐there are
some other castaways who travel
to and from other
worlds, aren't there?
[YAMABIKO] Yeah, using
power holdovers or loopholes
in the different worlds.
Kinda like you guys do it.
Huh. I thought it
would be a lot harder.
Well, it may seem easy to you,
but going to other "This Worlds"
used to be impossible,
least that's what we thought
for thousands of years
before it finally happened.
Huh? It really took thousands
of years to pull it off?
Immortality must get dull.
I can't help but wonder what the
other castaways must be like.
I just hope they're all
not as crappy as Ms. Aki.
That stupid fake teacher needs
to give up the act already.
She had us fooled for a while.
Who knew she was one of us?
Crazy to think we all came
from the same school.
[YAMABIKO] There are all
sorts of people out there.
But you have the powers
of the universe.
I believe that ship
will keep everybody safe.
[MIZUHO]
So whatcha reading?
Oh, "Robinson Crusoe," huh?
[NAGARA]
Give it back.
Oh, come on.
I'm willing to bet
that Raj needs your help with
whatever project he's got.
Well?
Nice, oh yeah.
Now, we're talkin'.
You're pretty into whatever it‐‐
[gasps]
Yep, taking the easiest route,
just like I thought.
[NAGARA gasps]
What are you doing?
[RAJDHANI]
I'm observing!
It's actually entertaining,
watchin' em go place to place.
Up, down, who cares?
They go where they want.
But what do you think they
ultimately end up doing?
Um, I have no idea.
They start to feast
on each other.
Until there's only one left.
Really makes you wonder, huh?
What if we were all in a situa‐‐
Oh! What the hell
are you doing?!
[NAGARA]
I'm setting them free!
[RAJDHANI]
They're fine! And besides,
I'm still watching them,
you know?!
[gasps]
Ah...
How could he do this to me?!
[sobbing]
Hey, looks like there's
something up on your screen.
[RAJDHANI] I was having
a good time with that...
[NOZOMI]
Let's give him some space.
[RAJDHANI]
That was my colony...!
[NAGARA panting]
[YAMABIKO] Nagara, it's true
that the drifting happened
because of your power.
But you really don't need
to feel responsible
for it, per se. You didn't
choose it, after all‐‐
God gave you
this special ability.
You didn't even realize
you were doing anything.
You were used.
[gasps]
[grunting]
[NAGARA]
Is that a bat?
Weird, why is there
an exercise bar out here?
[NAGARA grunting]
[NAGARA]
Uh? Huh?
[screams]
[VOICE]
Hey, buddy, stand up, would ya?
[NAGARA groans]
Hurry up.
Or else they'll see ya.
Who're you?
[grunts]
Hey! State your number!
[NAGARA]
What the‐‐?
I told you to state
your damn number!
3‐B, number 25.
Hey, group 3‐B!
Here! Right now!
[WORKERS grunting]
[FOREMAN 07A]
Your little friend, number 25,
has some kind of
problem with work!
So I'm upping your quota:
another 50 kilos a day,
which means you guys
owe me 800!
Got a problem with that?!
Take it up with him!
Dismissed!
Now get back to work!
[grunts]
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
It's actually a simple job.
You grab the blocks that
get brought from the top
and carry them down.
Nothin' else to it.
[NAGARA]
Huh? Okay?
What is going on?
[WORKER 07F]
Hey! Get movin'!
Of course!
I'm sorry...
I should be getting back.
[WORKER 07D]
Hey, you guys hear?
They finally found the dude
who started all the drifting.
[WORKER 07D] Supposedly,
his name's "Nagara" something.
Beatnik figured out
he's the one behind it.
This is all because of him!
Man, if it weren't for that guy,
we wouldn't be stuck
in this miserable hellhole.
Yeah, what?!
Is this seat taken?
Um, no, it's all yours.
Futatsuboshi's the name.
And you are?
Oh, Naga... ta.
[FUTATSUBOSHI] That was
a hairy situation, Nagata.
Oh, yeah. Thanks
for helping me out.
Well, don't sweat it, bud.
You don't owe me any
thanks or anything.
Seeing you like that reminded me
of when I was the new kid.
My instincts took over
and I just stepped in.
Really, nothin' else to it.
So are you... a student
from Shiraito Middle School #2?
Seriously? You really
don't know nothing, huh?
Bet you're a novice
castaway, aren't ya?
A novice?
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Yeah! I mean, we're all students
of Shiraito Middle School #2.
It's been a hell of
a long time since
we were middle‐
schoolers, though.
These days, I guess you could
say we're "tower builders."
Nothin' else to it.
But why do that?
We're tryin' to
get up to Heaven.
Really?
Heaven is the only way
outta this place,
and back to our own world.
Oh, yeah? You believe that?
Yeah, of course!
But it's more than that‐‐
We're hunting for
treasure in the meantime.
Yep. Nothin' else to it.
So... Heaven is the way out,
and there's treasure?
What's the main
objective, though?
Well, both of 'em, yep.
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Okay, this is it.
Closest thing we got
to a five star hotel.
[WORKERS snoring]
I'm sorry.
‐‐[FUTATSUBOSHI] Uh?
‐‐Uh, never mind.
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Ah. Nighty‐night.
[NAGARA grunts]
[NAGARA sighs]
Huh?
[SUSUGASHIRA]
Not happening...
[SUSUGASHIRA] Your power
is never going to work
in this place.
That was my decision,
by the way.
[NAGARA grunting]
[NAGARA grunts]
[NAGARA] I've been
wondering about something‐‐
why are we carrying
the blocks down?
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Huh?
I mean, the whole idea
is to build a tower, right?
It would make more sense to me
if were to carry 'em up.
Yeah. that's just
the way it is, I guess.
They're probably
just trying to build up
the foundation or something.
"Or something"? You don't know?
Well, do you know when
the tower'll be finished?
[FUTATSUBOSHI] You like to ask a
lotta funny questions, don't ya?
I've been here about 200 years
already and never once
have I ever wanted to know that.
Whoa, you've been
here that long?
Aw, 200 years is nothin'
compared to some guys.
Got veterans who've
put in over a thousand.
‐‐Huh?
‐‐[FOREMAN 07A] Yes, sir!
Sorry, sir!
[NAGARA]
Who's that guy?
That's Susugashira.
Big shot who's the host here,
he's also a part of Beatnik.
[NAGARA] I don't know
what any of that means.
Well. A host is like a boss‐‐
they run their own world
pretty much.
As for Beatnik, they're whatcha
might call a "dream team."
Basically, it's
a buncha elites‐‐
they come from all
the different worlds.
They travel back
and forth between 'em,
takin' various active roles.
Right now, they're
focused on figuring out
what caused the driftin'.
[NAGARA grunts]
Ah!
[shrill whistle blows]
What the‐‐?!
Ah. Whoops.
I've never seen one of 'em
fall like that before,
other than one of
mine, of course.
Oh, boy.
It's you!
[NAGARA]
Uh...
What's this?
Payment for a hard week's work!
So this is how we're paid?
Say, Nagata, let's go party!
And the tab's gonna
be on me, friend!
[CROWD murmuring]
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Terrible!
This guy needs to have
his head kicked in!
Nothin' else to it.
Yeah, you're tellin' me.
I'm a pretty peaceful guy,
but I'd love to do it myself.
Sending everybody adrift.
He can't just get
away with that crap.
Hypothetically...
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Hmm?
What would you say? Like,
if this Nagara guy was me?
Oh, that's rich!
The guy's a monster‐‐there's
no way it could be you, buddy!
You and I are kindred
spirits and I'm a pretty good
‐‐judge of character, to boot.
‐‐[NAGARA sighs]
Hello! You new?
Oh, yeah! One of my guys.
The new kid.
[HIME]
Here ya go!
‐‐[NAGARA] Uh?
‐‐Hey, so tell me somethin'‐‐
Have you ever heard about
the shooting star legend?
Uh. No‐‐ Ah!
[HIME] Somewhere in the tower,
there's supposed to be a room
that shooting stars fall into.
So romantic, ain't it?
Oh, yeah! It's lovely stuff!
If I ever catch myself
one of those shooting stars,
I'm gonna wish for a handsome
husband up in Heaven, yep!
All mine!
[giggles]
[FUTATSUBOSHI] Hmm.
I'm sure you'll find someone.
[SUSUGASHIRA] Seems Nagara's
starting to get pretty settled
into this world.
There's no sign of him
knowing what Babel really is.
Not yet, anyway.
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
What's wrong? Trouble sleepin'?
Um. Yeah.
Well, you wanna go searching
for shooting stars with me?
What? Right now?
[panting]
I'm so tired...
Can we take a break?
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
You're already pooped from that?
[NAGARA]
Yeah, I'm done.
[grunts]
[NAGARA sighs]
Can't believe I'm doing this.
Caught up in some
silly urban legend.
[FUTATSUBOSHI] Don't worry,
you don't have to find anything.
[NAGARA]
Huh?
The most important thing is that
you went out looking for it.
Nothin' else to it.
I'm sure this is
gonna tickle ol' Hime.
Do you think she
seriously believes in
all this nonsense?
There's nothin' wrong with it.
Ya gotta believe in somethin',
even if is just
a big buncha nonsense.
'Cause the option, is not
believin' in anything instead.
Nothin' else to it.
Huh. Guess you
caught your breath?
[NAGARA] I'm heading back.
We start early tomorrow.
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Okay.
Ya know, it's kinda the same
as building the tower.
[FUTATSUBOSHI] I don't think
there are any castaways
that really believe we're
gonna get to Heaven someday.
What's that look about?
[NAGARA]
That's just not funny, is all.
No, 'cause it's the truth.
So why are we doing
any of this, then?
'Cause there's nothin' else?
I'm just a lowly
little worker ant, buddy.
Even if it's all just BS,
I'm happier chasin' after
that tiny glimmer of hope.
Nothin' else to it.
Well, not me!
Uh, sorry, man.
Oh. Maybe this'll
raise your spirits a bit.
A gift, from me to you.
Take it.
Uh, where did you... Um...
[gulps]
Well, if you don't
want it, I can‐‐
No, I‐‐
[NAGARA]
There it is!
Thank God!
[NAGARA]
Ah, it's so good!
No, nevermind,
it's disgusting... So gross...
[sobbing]
What the‐‐?
Shooting stars!
‐‐[NAGARA] Huh...?
‐‐Whoa! They're really here!
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Amazin', isn't it?
[NAGARA gasps]
No, wait‐‐
[RAJDHANI]
Pretty, huh?
These little guys emit light
in the darkness of the caves.
[RAJDHANI]
You wanna know why?
[NAGARA]
Yeah, sure.
So they can lure other bugs
in with the pretty lights.
then hook them with
the slime tendrils.
Amazing, isn't it?
It's a trap!
Get out!
[FUTATSUBOSHI]
Huh...?
Uh... Ah... Ah...
Ah!
[screaming]
‐‐[splortch]
‐‐[splattering]
[MIZUHO]
Hey, Nagara!
Where'd you go?
Stop hiding and
come out, would ya?
He shouldn't have gone
too far just to free some ants.
[gasps]
Hey! That way!
[RAJDHANI]
Huh?
You hear me?!
[RAJDHANI]
This ant is...
[MIZUHO] Yo! Listen,
Nagara's around here somewhere!
[NAGARA panting]
[WORKERS gasping]
Oh. What's up, new guy?
By yourself today?
Yeah.
That's for you‐‐a gift.
[HIME]
Huh? Oh!
That looks great!
[HIME]
Mm. Mm!
Ugh, what is this?! It's so bad!
Yuck, gonna make me sick!
[coughs]
[NAGARA groans]
Stop there! What do
you think you're doing?!
[SUSUGASHIRA]
So... what's the problem here?
Pretty impressive, isn't it?
Babel, reaching
all the way into Heaven.
A "giant emptiness."
Created entirely by human
hands working together.
[NAGARA]
I didn't know.
Not until I learned...
[MACHI]
You find Nagara?
[NOZOMI] Mm‐hmm.
Apparently, Mizuho and Yamabiko
went to pick him up.
[MACHI] Hmm? And they don't
need your help with that?
I don't think there's much
I could do to help them.
[HOSHI]
Don't worry.
Nagara has the power
to change worlds, after all.
And besides that...
...he'll be just fine
on his own.
Are you saying that
because God told you?
[HOSHI]
I don't hear that voice anymore.
We should have done
this a lot sooner.
If I'd've listened to you,
it would've been easier.
Too late for that.
[HAYATO]
Nozomi!
[NOZOMI]
Mm.
[HAYATO]
Hmm.
[HOSHI] At last, the time
has come for us to depart.
We're starting on a journey
to find our own place.
Never fear, because now,
we have our freedom!
And more importantly,
we have our friendship.
So let's get going!
[STUDENTS]
Yeah!
Goodbye.
[MIZUHO] Am I the only one who's
worried about Nagara or what?
This should be it.
[KOUMORI grunting]
[TEACHER 07A]
See that boy?
He couldn't even do
a back hip circle before.
But he practiced over and over
again, and look at him now!
[KOUMORI chuckles]
[NAGARA] Everyone calls
that boy "Koumori the bat."
I don't want to be like him.
I don't see the point in
being able to do that stuff.
[SUSUGASHIRA]
What are you doing?
Turning the world upside down.
[NAGARA]
Gotta keep moving forward,
to make up for everyone else.
[SUSUGASHIRA]
You knew you could do that?
Give my guide my best.
[KOUMORI]
Hey, Nagara.
Welcome to the top.
Pretty impressed
you made it here.
[KOUMORI]
I wonder if you remember me.
[NAGARA gasps]
Nope, so who are you?
They call me Koumori.
[NAGARA gasps]
[KOUMORI] This world is upside
down, and nothing but a big pit.
To keep everyone safe,
I lock hope up in there.
Using my power,
"Upside‐Down."
All of this is my fault.
[KOUMORI]
Hmm?
[NAGARA] I've made up my mind.
I'm not running away anymore.
If we've gone adrift,
I don't want it to be a mistake.
[KOUMORI]
You certainly have changed.
[footsteps]
[MIZUHO] Hey! Wanna explain
what's going on here?
[KOUMORI] Heh. I guess
you're all right now.
[KOUMORI]
You're free to go.
[VICTIM'S ASSEMBLY yelling]
[GROUP PRESIDENT 07A] Why'd you
let Nagara off like that?
[KOUMORI] Because I don't
think we should give in
to the absurdity.
Besides, he's a castaway.
Just like all of us.
[VICTIM 07B] You should
have punished that guy!
This'll put a stop to it?
[KOUMORI]
No more meaningless tragedies.
Will that be enough
to convince all the others?
[KOUMORI]
Without an observer,
everyone would just be
probabilities, and nothing more.
They have to understand, that
no matter where we may end up,
we have to keep on fighting.
[KOUMORI] No one is going to
pin all the blame on Nagara.
I won't allow that to happen.
[NOZOMI]
The others already left.
[NAGARA]
Okay.
They're not coming back, huh?
No, they said they weren't.
[NOZOMI]
Oh, yeah, here ya go.
[NAGARA]
Hey.
‐‐What do you think?
‐‐[NOZOMI] Hmm?
[NAGARA] We ever gonna
make it back home, or what?
Has the "light" gone out?
[NOZOMI]
Hmm. Well, I...
[ship horn blares]
[RAJDHANI] I've decided
to take this on a journey.
I'll travel to all the other
"This Worlds" and figure out
what's going on
in this universe.
Don't know how far
this thing'll go,
but I'm gonna try.
Well, I think that if you
put your mind to it,
you can do anything.
I'm a hundred percent sure!
[RAJDHANI]
Thank you...
Hey, listen.
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm?
Well, you know that statue
of Buddha you loved?
Gen broke it,
I secretly replaced it.
[MIZUHO] Sorry...
Had to get that off my chest.
Only once?
[chuckles]
It's okay. You're both forgiven.
Oh, Nagara.
Had something to give to you.
[RAJDHANI] Here. This is the
power holdover you got
from monkey mountain,
"Monkey Furball."
I've been trying to verify what
it does, and I finally know.
What's that?
Take a whiff.
[NAGARA]
Mm.
[sniffing]
Smells good, huh?
Yeah, it smells like sunshine.
Uh, is that it?
That's it.
But that scent will never
change or fade away,
no matter what you do.
Set it on fire, you can
even boil it in curry.
No matter where it is, or what
happens to it, it never changes.
The perfect power for you.
Thank you.
[RAJDHANI]
Thanks, for being a real friend.
‐‐[ship horn blares]
‐‐[NAGARA] Have a safe journey!
[RAJDHANI]
You, too!
[sniffles]
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm? Hmm.
[ASAKAZE] How long are you guys
planning to stay on the island?
You should come with me.
You can't really
do anything, Nozomi.
I think you'd be safer
with me, right?
Hey, you're coming too.
No, I can't.
Got something to do.
[ASAKAZE sighs]
Are you serious?
[NAGARA]
I'm not giving up.
[ASAKAZE]
That's so stupid!
You get what's
going on, don't you?
It doesn't matter anymore
if we can't ever go back home.
That may be true,
but that won't stop me.
That's all there is.
[ASAKAZE sighs]
Works for me.
Let's go.
So you in, Nozomi?
Honestly...
...I have no idea.